Hello, how are you?
of more for kansas I bring a video of
carl wood and avant save and how to say it
how to get all the weapons that they gave
and the exoskeleton in the 10-0 edition
that there are other people who buy in the
game a day before they had only separated
choose a code to get some
gold color weapons ok as you can see me
all this are our medium weapons
gas I just got for free
completely free of charge, of course,
we can have and therefore that very good and
how to see that I have the exoskeleton and the
get completely free good what
they have to make gentlemen say to
the page or the description of the one
leave in forgiveness in the description of
video I'll leave the page you have to
put now I'm going to teach you with a
tutorial on the pc how are you going to do
good to get what is the m1 quantum in
gold what is the cross b2 which is the gold
they also try to you can see that up
the level of level
48 and here 12 the g here 12 g if I do not
wrong this is the weapon also in
gold color let me Czech have like I have
what comes with the weapons that come
I do not know that I did not know I was wrong in Amman
the time lacrosse b2 is here level with
those of 8 and also what is a one
crossbow catches that I do not understand why
it appeared good let's hope they were
appear and I also have the arsenal exo
what is this gold- colored armor like
You can see what I have equipped and
as you see pretty well or that these are
the three weapons that you can get and the
extra skeleton that they will get ok
remember very important that I upload
the video and I'm reporting it I do not know
when time will be available
this for a limited time I really do not know
how long will I be I say to me
they passed the data I saw it on the page
official and so I decided to upload it so that
all those people who have not
obtained the exoskeleton and all this
before I could not separate it then
do not run out of Iraqi plane I do not have
skeleton weapons and different weapons
different ok
so here I am going to leave you to video
how are they going to do it remember very
important that they share this video
against the people that you have
who play here puts it for what
do not stay without being mature since
As I say, I do not know how long
I will be available also in the
page says that the update is done
between 12 and 24 hours I did it and
I really just did it and restart my
console and I showed up alarms in the
moment that I did this I did everything was
what you have to do very important
is with the mail that you made
to be able to enter here what you
when they start I ask them for an email
electronic is to travel with to poke ok
so I'm not asking you much
share has been with your friends
remember to subscribe to the channel and ccoo
let's filter the psc
what is like putting here is the page
that I am going to leave you to the description of
video as I told you very important has
that come this page here as it says
Thank you for purchasing the steel edition
heat collector edition you
vance the picture that is that of ls is
completely free good then no
to do is on this page here what can
put in different American language what
You can put in Spanish here in Spanish
to Spain so they can not understand or
the language that you want oil what
that are going to be very important fiscal
login or otherwise better directly
put him here they will keep the mail
electronic with which you started
session and the position they cultivate software and
then here they go for the password and
We are going to give you to log in after
this is going to show us a sign that
more or less going to say that if you
are entitled to this dlc simply you
they are going to palomear that option and they are going to
do zinc so what they are going to do
in that way so that it does not occur
no mistake he does not have any with the
they are going to put what is the mail
they put it and ready we are going to put it for
that they see
we put it
and how to show us this that
says that if you are entitled to this they are going to
put here they will palomear and they will
put up here that yúnes that do
put him here would practically be everything
after I do it because I already did
I already have the elect is elected but not
nothing happens what controls can do
want and we have already done that simply
was a will this option from here and we're going to
close section of one is that we close
session would practically be all gentlemen
to enjoy the new ones of the new ones
weapons and everything that they just gave us what
what it does is that if in May month he asked
I hope we follow all these
Small remember to subscribe to the channel
who can share their life with their
friends and well see you in a next
video refer to god you can subscribe
be shared seriously and see you in
proximity orfeón enjoy it and we
we see in our videos
goodbye